Work on ForestIndex in Tree (#11166)
microsoft/FluidFramework: packages/dds/tree/src/changeset/README.md

# Changeset

Abstraction for Changesets (supporting the needs of Rebaser), and an implementation of Delta which can an be applied to Forests.

> Code with is specific to a particular change family or field kind should not be included here.
> Instead it should be places as a feature-library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Code which is specific to a particular change family or field kind should not be included here.
Instead it should be placed in a feature-library.
```
